README.md, before:

# Welcome to the SBprofiles repository, a companion to our [paper in MSSE](https://journals.lww.com/acsm-msse/Abstract/9000/Sedentary_Profiles__A_New_Perspective_on.95921.aspx)

There are two things going on here:

1. **Original code:** If you're interested in reviewing or adapting the R code
  we used when writing the manuscript, check out the
  [manuscript_code directory](https://github.com/paulhibbing/SBprofiles/tree/main/manuscript_code).

2. **Usage help:** The rest of this repository is set up as an R package to help
  you if you want to use the profiles yourself. We've given full information and
  instructions in the [vignette](https://github.com/paulhibbing/SBprofiles/blob/main/vignettes/SBprofiles.pdf).
  
# Attribution

This repository would not exist without the public domain data available from the [National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/). Outside of the [example data](https://github.com/paulhibbing/SBprofiles/tree/main/data) and elements of the [internal data](https://github.com/paulhibbing/SBprofiles/blob/main/R/sysdata.rda) (see also [data-raw](https://github.com/paulhibbing/SBprofiles/tree/main/data-raw)), everything data-related in this repository should be code that will point you to the original site from which you can access the data for yourself. Regardless, none of the source data should be construed as belonging to the maintainer(s) of this repository. Please
read [LICENSE](https://github.com/paulhibbing/SBprofiles/blob/main/LICENSE), [LICENSE.md](https://github.com/paulhibbing/SBprofiles/blob/main/LICENSE.md), and [CITATION](https://github.com/paulhibbing/SBprofiles/tree/main/inst/CITATION) and
ensure that you understand how to use and attribute everything in this repository.

Commit message:

Provide some stronger redirection to PBpatterns package

README.md, after:

# Welcome to the SBprofiles repository, a companion to our [paper in MSSE](https://journals.lww.com/acsm-msse/Abstract/9000/Sedentary_Profiles__A_New_Perspective_on.95921.aspx)

There are two things going on here:

1. **Original code:** If you're interested in reviewing or adapting the R code
  we used when writing the manuscript, check out the
  [manuscript_code directory](https://github.com/paulhibbing/SBprofiles/tree/main/manuscript_code).

2. **Usage help:** The rest of this repository is set up as an R package to help
  you if you want to use the profiles yourself. However, we now recommend you
  do this through the [PBpatterns](https://github.com/paulhibbing/PBpatterns)
  package. We have migrated the content to that package (including the helpful
  [vignette](https://github.com/paulhibbing/PBpatterns/blob/main/vignettes/SBprofiles.pdf))
  and expect it to have a more permanent home there.
  
# Attribution

This repository would not exist without the public domain data available from the [National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/). Outside of the [example data](https://github.com/paulhibbing/SBprofiles/tree/main/data) and elements of the [internal data](https://github.com/paulhibbing/SBprofiles/blob/main/R/sysdata.rda) (see also [data-raw](https://github.com/paulhibbing/SBprofiles/tree/main/data-raw)), everything data-related in this repository should be code that will point you to the original site from which you can access the data for yourself. Regardless, none of the source data should be construed as belonging to the maintainer(s) of this repository. Please
read [LICENSE](https://github.com/paulhibbing/SBprofiles/blob/main/LICENSE), [LICENSE.md](https://github.com/paulhibbing/SBprofiles/blob/main/LICENSE.md), and [CITATION](https://github.com/paulhibbing/SBprofiles/tree/main/inst/CITATION) and
ensure that you understand how to use and attribute everything in this repository.
